Dream: Door to Door Pig Salesman
Published on February 18, 2007.
So I had this totally weird dream last night.
It involved my entire neighborhood!
For some reason, there was someone going door to door leaving pigs at people’s houses.
When the guy got to our house, we didn’t answer the door.
He opened our outer shutter door and left a pig in between the two doors.
I could see all of this happening through our peep hole, even though It’d be pretty impossible to see that low in real life.
Weird. Okay, now that I think of it, I guess he was more of a pig mailman than a salesman, but I have a feeling we were billed for the pig.
To be payed for at a later date.
Anyway, when I opened the door, the pig ran in and I guess we kept it as a pet.
I went to my neighbor’s house and found that the pig guy had left a pig in her door as well.
When I opened it though, it was like some kind of mutant weird pig and I ran away.
Later, I went to my across the street neighbor’s house.
We had seen him with his pig earlier, so I guess we decided to check up on it.
When we got there, he adamantly denied having any kind of pig.
We knew he was lying because we saw him playing with the pig though his window from our house.
Then the dream ended.
It totally made no sense to me, but that’s how a lot of my dreams go.
It’s probably worth noting that today is Chinese New Year, and yes, it’s the year of the pig!!! Maybe that somehow subconsciously seeped into my brain while I was dreaming last night… Also, my Chinese zodiac sign is the pig!!! Dun dun dunnnn!!!